Update 10-custom-server.mdx (#63543)
vercel/next.js: docs/03-pages/01-building-your-application/06-configuring/10-custom-server.mdx

>
> - Before deciding to use a custom server, please keep in mind that it should only be used when the integrated router of Next.js can't meet your app requirements. A custom server will remove important performance optimizations, like **serverless functions** and **[Automatic Static Optimization](/docs/pages/building-your-application/rendering/automatic-static-optimization).**
> - A custom server **cannot** be deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/solutions/nextjs).

> > - Custom servers **cannot** be applied to the standalone output mode, as this mode outputs a minimal `server.js` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Standalone output mode, does not trace custom server files and this mode outputs a separate minimal `server.js` file instead.
```
